# SmartMart-
This paper aims to develop a desktop-based application called SMART Mart to manage and store inventory, employee, sales, product, categories, and supplier details for each organization. This proposed smart mart includes features such as dashboard, employees, categories, products, sales, and databases. It can provide privacy. It can update / save / delete inventory, employees, sales, categories, and suppliers based on organization's usage. This technology is categorized into individual aspects for creating sales invoices and storing them in the system. This system solves various problems related to direct sales management and purchasing management. The Accounting System module is developed to avoid the problems that prevail in real manual systems. This technology is supported to solve and, in some cases, mitigate the problems faced by the existing systems. In addition, this system is designed to meet the need of chain of stores to carry out their business smoothly and effectively. No formal technical knowledge is required for users to use this system. This helps user’s focus on other activities rather than focusing on record management. Therefore, it helps organizations to make better use of their resources. Smart Mart is important to ensure quality control for companies that process transactions related to consumer goods. Without proper inventory management, the stores may run out of important stocks and this situation may go unnoticed incurring huge losses to the business. The proposed warehouse management system uses machine learning modules to forecast sales. 
